samples: matter: Changed window covering to be SED by default (#28678)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_3.4.rst

     For more information on how to configure partitions using DTS and how to migrate your existing configuration to DTS, see the :ref:`migration_partitions` page.

   * The :ref:`matter_window_covering_sample` sample now uses the Thread Sleepy End Device (SED) device type by default.

>      The Thread Synchronized Sleepy End Device (SSED) device type can be enabled as an optional feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     You can enable the Thread Synchronized Sleepy End Device (SSED) device type as an optional feature.
```
